# CS230SoftwareDesignDocument

#The Gaming Room is a client who had a game called 'Draw It or Lose It.' The client wanted to expand the game to other platforms including web based and mobile devices. They tasked us with creating the network and bare environment to which the game would be installed on. This document goes over what plans to happen, what is recommended, and what needs to be done to make this happen. It, also, goes over the different possibilities of different choices. 

One thing that I liked and knew I did well on was the hardware portion of the development process. While it would have been better to create a cloud environment, given that the game is about guessing a picture being drawn, it doesn't require much processing power. I've built several computers, created a ton of builds and have upgraded my own since 2015. I love computer hardware and messing with it, so once the process got to discussing server components, processing power, and storage, I was excited. I do think I could have gone on for quite a while, like I am now, about the stuff, but I knew I had to keep it short and to the point. On the other side of things, the one topic I wish I could revist in the course would be the very begining of the document, E/I the summary, constraints, model... Knowing the knowledge I know now, I know I could've done it better, or at least cleaned it up, which would make it look nicer. That being said, the development process did help me a little with designing the code. Going over the UML diagram is good for me because I can see what I missed in the diagram or the code and make changes. "Do I really need it?", "I didn't add this, why? ... Oh that's why." type of stuff.

It's very important to consider the user's needs or wants. If these needs or wants aren't met, the user won't want to use or play the service or game. It's not too difficult to add these needs to the document as it can be changed and what's in the document isn't hard set. One way to interpret these needs is to beta test the environment or just get a general survey for it. There isn't a way to 99/100% other than that way to get all the needs or wants. Usually, you will find a lot of these when the application is released and the needs will have to be added later. This, also, goes into consideration for the client, as they're the ones paying for the development. If they would like to change something, we best be sure to try our best and change it. 

I approached this document and completed it using my current knowledge of commputers and software. The recommendations in the documment to reflect my opinions and what I am comfortable with. I know Windows best along with C and Java, so those were the languages high on the list. I created it in premise of I creating the software and developing it. In the future, if I were to know Linux and other langauges better, or be on a team with a wide range of skills, I would consider and analyze the best options for the client out of everything. 

